adding docs to clnapp (#55)
dart-lightning/lndart.clnapp: README.md

<div align="center">
  <h1>lndart.clnapp</h1>

  <img src="https://github.com/dart-lightning/icons/raw/main/main/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher.png" />

  <p>

>     <strong> :dart: An app to manage core lightning node using multiple clients :dart: </strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <strong> :dart: Cross platform app to manage remotely and locally a core lightning  :dart: </strong>
```

|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| <ul><li> [x] [cln_grpc](https://github.com/dart-lightning/lndart.cln_grpc)</li></ul>  | A dart library which facilitates dart gRPC client for core lightning.      | ![Pub Version (including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/cln_grpc?include_prereleases&style=flat-square) |
| <ul><li> [x] [lnlambda](https://github.com/dart-lightning/lndart.cln/tree/main/packages/lnlambda)</li></ul>  | Minimal interface to run lnlambda function with dart. | ![Pub Version (including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/lnlambda?include_prereleases&style=flat-square) |
| <ul><li> [x] [cln_rpc](https://github.com/dart-lightning/lndart.cln/tree/main/packages/rpc)</li></ul>  | A RPC wrapper around the core lightning API.                    | ![Pub Version (including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/clightning_rpc?include_prereleases&style=flat-square) |

## How to Build

### Installation

- Clone the lndart.clnapp repository.

```bash
sudo git clone https://github.com/dart-lightning/lndart.clnapp.git
```
- Get flutter dependencies

```bash

> flutter pub upgrade
> flutter pub get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make dep
make
```
